README.md, before:

# Task Tools

This repository contains bash command line tools which should
provide hierarchy and calendar reports for task warrior tasks. 

## thrchy

This bash script lists tasks arranged by their dependencies (blocking, blocked).

Dependencies:

* [jq](http://stedolan.github.io/jq/).

### Usage

* Listing tasks:
  `thrchy [ids] [all]`
    * `ids` are one or more space separated task ids.
    * The optional parameter `all` lists also completed tasks.
    * Examples: 
        * `thrchy 23`
        * `thrchy 23 34 5`
* Adding new dependent task:
  `thrchy [id] add [..normal task warrior commands..]`
    * `id` is the task id which should depend on the newly created task.
    * Examples: 
        * `thrchy 23 add +tag +tag2 subject description text prio:H`
        * `thrchy 23 add new task description`
* Change task dependency:
  `thrchy [id] move [parent_id]`
    * `id` is the task id which should be blocking another task.
    * `parent_id` is the task id which should be depending on `id`.
    * Examples: 
        * `thrchy 23 move 39`

## tcal

This tool shows tasks which are scheduled for the current week.

ISSUE: still need to solve an issue due to differences between the bsd date and gnu date utility.

## tlog

This tool should provide a way to list time which was spent on certain issues.

ISSUE: still need to solve an issue due to differences between the bsd date and gnu date utility.

Commit message:

fixed days_of_week script dependency and gnu date issue

README.md, after:

# Task Tools

This repository contains bash command line tools which should
provide hierarchy and calendar reports for task warrior tasks. 

## thrchy

This bash script lists tasks arranged by their dependencies (blocking, blocked).

Dependencies:

* [jq](http://stedolan.github.io/jq/).

### Usage

* Listing tasks:
  `thrchy [ids] [all]`
    * `ids` are one or more space separated task ids.
    * The optional parameter `all` lists also completed tasks.
    * Examples: 
        * `thrchy 23`
        * `thrchy 23 34 5`
* Adding new dependent task:
  `thrchy [id] add [..normal task warrior commands..]`
    * `id` is the task id which should depend on the newly created task.
    * Examples: 
        * `thrchy 23 add +tag +tag2 subject description text prio:H`
        * `thrchy 23 add new task description`
* Change task dependency:
  `thrchy [id] move [parent_id]`
    * `id` is the task id which should be blocking another task.
    * `parent_id` is the task id which should be depending on `id`.
    * Examples: 
        * `thrchy 23 move 39`

## tcal

This tool shows tasks which are scheduled for the current week.

Dependencies:

* gnu date util (on mac os install it via homebrew)

* show tasks which are scheduled for the current week 
  `tcal`

## tlog

This tool should provide a way to list time which was spent on certain issues.

ISSUE: still need to solve an issue due to differences between the bsd date and gnu date utility.
